read_pdb : Load a PDB file containing protein coordinates for all atoms
select_models : Select models to be used during fitting. This can be specified using printer-style formatting e.g. '1,3,7' or '1-5' or '1-5,7,9'. Be sure to click the "Parse models" button before continuing.
parse_models : Selects only the desired models from the PDB file
selection : Select the atoms and residues to be used during fitting
csa_frame : Set chemical shift anisotropy tensor parameters for backbone H, N and C nuclei. These are set via the three principle axes and single angle. Default values are taken from G. Cornilescu and A. Bax "Measurement of proton, nitrogen, and carbonyl chemical shielding anisotropies in a protein dissolved in a dilute liquid crystalline phase" J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2000, 122, 10143-10154.
svd : Single value decomposition is used to analytically solve the tensor anisotropy and orientation over a spherical grid of positions. The best position and tensor are then taken. Note that RACS and RADS cannot be included in this calculation. Note that uncertainties are not taken into account during this calculation.
nlr : Non-linear regression is used to solve a least-squares algorithm by gradient descent. This is generally used for refinement after an initial guess by the SVD grid search. Note that RACS and RADS can be taken into account by this algorithm.
ref : Allows fitting of an offset that shifts the entire PCS list by a given value. This may arise due to referencing errors between diamagnetic and paramagnetic peak lists when calculating the PCS. This should always be used when there are many PCS values available.
pos : Option to disable fitting of the tensor position. Note that the SVD grid search for PCS will collapse to a single point if the position is constrained.
rad : Radius of the SVD grid search sphere. This is taken with origin about the initial tensor position
den : The points per Angstrom to be taken in the SVD grid search sphere.
mod : When selected, fitting is conducted separately for each model specified. The best fitting tensor of a given model is then taken.
racs : Residual anisotropic chemical shifts are included in the calculation. Fitting with RACS is only achieved with the NLR algorithm.
rads : Residual anisotropic dipolar shifts are included in the calculation. Fitting with RADS is only achieved with the NLR algorithm.
taur : The rotational correlation time is included as a parameter for fitting during the calculation.
taue : The electronic relaxation time is included as a parameter for fitting during the calculation.
dsa : Dipolar shielding anisotropy (DSA) commonly called the 'Curie Spin' relaxation theory is included for the calculation. Note that this method assumes a fast electronic relaxation time (T1e << TauR). Therefore calculations are independent of the T1e parameter. All calculations for DSA theory will include anisotropy as governed by the DeltaChi tensor of the paramagnetic centre.
sbm : Solomon-Bloembergen-Morgan (SBM) relaxation theory is included for the calculation. SBM theory uses an effective correlation time that is takes into account the rotational correlation time (TauR) and the electronic relaxation time (T1e), so both must be set when using this method.
csa : Chemical Shift Anisotropy (CSA) cross-correlated relaxation effects are included for the caluclation. For auto-relaxation of nuclear magnetisation, the CSA may only induce cross-correlated relaxation with the DSA mechanism. Therefore, the DSA relaxation method must be selected to observe CSA cross-correlation effects. The final output value is a sum of the DSA plus the DSAxCSA values, however the relaxation induced by only the CSA is not included. This means only the pure paramagnetic effect is reported.
dchi : The DeltaChi tensor is included for fitting, allowing the axial and rhombic parameters to be fit during the PRE calculation. Note that the DeltaChi tensor has only a very small effect on the PRE and therefore may lead to unwieldy results if included in the fitting.
iso : The isotropic Chi tensor is included for fitting during the caluclation. This defines the magnitude of the paramagnetic dipole.